[FPGA] Fix broken link in LF README (#1615)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/loop_fusion/README.md

In addition, fusing outer loops can introduce concurrency where there was previously none. Consider two adjacent loops L<sub>j</sub> and L<sub>k</sub>. Within each loop, independent operations can be run concurrently, but concurrency cannot be attained <i>across</i> the loops. Combining the bodies of L<sub>j</sub> and L<sub>k</sub> forms a single loop L<sub>f</sub> with a body that spans the bodies of L<sub>j</sub> and L<sub>k</sub>. In the combined loops, concurrency can be attained for independent instructions which were formerly in separate loops. In effect, the two loops now execute as one in L<sub>f</sub> in a lockstep fashion, providing possible latency improvements.

> Loop fusion joins loops at the same nesting level. The merging of nested loops is known as *loop coalescing*, and tools to achieve this are described in the documentation and in the [`loop_coalesce` code sample](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/tree/master/DirectProgramming/C%2B%2BSYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/loop_coalesce).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loop fusion joins loops at the same nesting level. The merging of nested loops is known as *loop coalescing*, and tools to achieve this are described in the documentation and in the [`loop_coalesce` code sample](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/loop_coalesce).
```

Reviewer: What about this? It would be an absolute link within the repo, so it would point to the current branch the user is looking at
